Update the warning for `--proxy-protocol-networks` (#13254)
pingcap/docs: command-line-flags-for-tidb-configuration.md

> **Warning:**
>

> > Use `*` with caution because it might introduce security risks by allowing a client of any IP address to report its IP address. In addition, even if `*` is set to allow proxy connections from all IP addresses, internal components that connect directly to TiDB (such as TiDB Dashboard) will not be able to connect to the TiDB server. Consider setting `--proxy-protocol-fallbackable` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use `*` with caution because it might introduce security risks by allowing a client of any IP address to report its IP address. In addition, even if `*` is set to allow proxy connections from all IP addresses, internal components that connect directly to TiDB (such as TiDB Dashboard) will not be able to connect to the TiDB server. It is recommended to set `--proxy-protocol-fallbackable` to `true`.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.

> > Use `*` with caution because it might introduce security risks by allowing a client of any IP address to report its IP address. In addition, even if `*` is set to allow proxy connections from all IP addresses, internal components that connect directly to TiDB (such as TiDB Dashboard) will not be able to connect to the TiDB server via proxy. Consider setting `--proxy-protocol-fallbackable` to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Use `*` with caution because it might introduce security risks by allowing a client of any IP address to report its IP address. In addition, even if `*` is set to allow proxy connections from all IP addresses, internal components that connect directly to TiDB (such as TiDB Dashboard) will not be able to connect to the TiDB server. Consider setting `--proxy-protocol-fallbackable` to `true`.
```

`via proxy` is confusing.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.
